The program `uf2-append` in this directory was created on purpose for the
Spectrum emulator in order to merge the games binary file with the UF2
file produced by the SDK. The resulting UF2 file contains everything needed
and can be flashed into the target device in a single pass: both program and games.

The program usage is very simple:

    ./uf2-append ../build/zx.uf2 ../games/games.bin 0x1007f000 output.uf2

Note: you need to generate the `games.bin` file using the Python script inside the `games` directory.

We just use the arbitrary target address 0x1007f000 for the games binary images, as it is far enough to don't overlap with the UF2 file produced by the SDK. It's probably too far and will be changed later. Note that the address MUST be multiple of 4096, as the emulator scans only whole flash sectors looking for the start of the games section.

What this program does is:

* Creating a new output.uf2 file merging the original UF2 file with the data.
* First of all, the Pico program (the emulator) UF2 blocks are copied as they are, but with the total block count updated, as we have more blocks.
* The program then adds padding blocks, because the UF2 flasher of the RP2040 don't like holes... This is probably due to the fact that the flash sector is 4096 bytes and the UF2 blocks are 256 bytes. I guess the bootloader of the Pico accumulates blocks and writes whole sectors.
* Finally the binary games file data blocks are appended as new blocks.

The offsets at which the games end match the ones in the file `games_list.h` file generated by the Python script inside the `games` directory.

The program `uf2-ls` is just a debugging program that lists the blocks of any UF2 file.
